README.md, before:

# Celerity GitHub Registry

[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry)

A [Celerity Registry Protocol](https://www.celerityframework.io/plugin-framework/docs/registry-protocols-formats/registry-protocol) implementation for plugins sourced from private GitHub repositories.

## Usage

The Celerity GitHub Registry is distributed as a Docker image that is published to the GitHub Container Registry.

To run the registry, you can use the following command:

```bash
docker run -d \
  --name celerity-github-registry \
  -p 8085:8085 \
  ghcr.io/two-hundred/celerity-github-registry:latest
```

Docker compose example:

```yaml
services:
    celerity-github-registry:
        image: ghcr.io/two-hundred/celerity-github-registry:latest
        container_name: celerity-github-registry
        ports:
        - "8085:8085"
```

You can deploy the registry to any environment that supports Docker, including Kubernetes, AWS ECS, and Azure Container Instances.

### Releases and Docker tags

The Celerity GitHub Registry is versioned using [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/).
The Docker image is tagged with the version number, and the `latest` tag always points to the latest stable release.
On every push or PR into the `main` branch, a development build is pushed to the `main` docker image tag.

## Configuration

Configuration for the registry is expected to be provided via environment variables.

The following environment variables are supported, where some are required and some are optional:

### Port 

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_PORT`

**_optional_**

The port on which the registry will listen for incoming requests.

**default value:** `8085`

### Auth Token Header

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_AUTH_TOKEN_HEADER`

**_optional_**

The name of the header that will be used to pass the authentication token to the registry.
This will be used to authenticate requests and is where a GitHub fine-grained personal access token should be provided.
You will need to make sure that the fine-grained token is for the resource owner of the plugin repositories (e.g. the GitHub user or organisation that owns the plugin repositories).
The service discovery document for the registry will include this header in the `auth.v1` section as the value of the `apiKeyHeader` field.

**default value:** `celerity-gh-registry-token`

### Registry Base URL 

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_BASE_URL`

**_required_**

The base URL of the registry. This is used to construct the endpoints in the service discovery document
for the registry.
This should be a fully qualified URL, including the scheme (http or https).
When deploying the registry this would be something like `https://registry.example.io`,
or when running locally it could be `http://registry.example.local`.

The fully-qualified domain name in the URL must be the same as the prefix for plugins in the registry.
For example, if the base URL is `https://registry.example.io`, then the plugin prefix must be `registry.example.io` in order for the Celerity CLI to be able to find the correct service discovery document.

_Even when running locally, it is best to use a host name alias instead of localhost with port numbers due to the way the CLI resolves the registry based on the domain prefix in the plugin ID._

**When deploying the registry, it is advised that you set up a TLS certificate for the registry to ensure that the registry is only accessible over HTTPS.**

### Signing Public Keys

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_SIGNING_PUBLIC_KEYS`

**_required_**

A serialised JSON string that contains the gpg public keys that can be used by the Celerity CLI (and other clients) to verify the signatures of the plugins in the registry as per the [Registry Protocol](https://www.celerityframework.io/plugin-framework/docs/registry-protocols-formats/registry-protocol).
The amount of signing keys that can be stored in this environment variable is limited by the maximum length (in bytes) of an environment variable in the operating system running the registry application.

The JSON contents should be of the following form:

```json
{
  "keys": [
    {
      "publicKey": "-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----\n...\n-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----"
    }
  ]
}
```

The public key should be in ASCII-armored format, and the file can contain multiple keys.
This JSON contents should be prepared to be passed as an environment variable, with appropriate escaping to ensure it can be parsed as valid JSON by the registry application.

_It should be noted that the signing keys environment variable contents **must** not contain any private keys, these must be kept separately in a secure environment and only used in your plugin release process._

### HTTP Client Timeout

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_HTTP_CLIENT_TIMEOUT`

**_optional_**

The timeout in seconds for HTTP clients that are used to fetch resources from the release artifacts
for a plugin version.

**default value:** `60`

### Logging Level

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_LOGGING_LEVEL`

**_optional_**

The logging level for the registry. This can be set to `debug`, `info`, `warn`, or `error`.
This will control the verbosity of the logs that are generated by the registry.

**default value:** `info`

### Environment

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_ENVIRONMENT`

**_optional_**

The environment in which the registry is running. This can be set to `development` or `production`.
This is primarily used to control the formatting of logs. Logs are structured JSON logs in production and pretty printed in development.

**default value:** `production`

### Access Log File

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_ACCESS_LOG_FILE`

**_optional_**

The file path to which the access log will be written.
If not specified, the access log will be written to `stdout`.

### Application Output Log File

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_OUTPUT_LOG_FILE`

**_optional_**

The file path to which application logs (debug, info) will be written to.
If not specified, the application logs will be written to `stdout`.

### Application Error Log File

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_ERROR_LOG_FILE`

**_optional_**

The file path to which error logs (warn, error) will be written to.
If not specified, the error logs will be written to `stderr`.

## Additional documentation

- [Configuring the Celerity CLI to use the registry](docs/CLI_CONFIGURATION.md)
- [Contributing](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

feat: add endpoint to get package info for specified version and platform
Adds endpoint to get package information for the specified
version, os and architecture so that a client such
as the Celerity CLI knows where to download the archive
and signature verification files from along with
the set of public keys that can be used to verify
the signatures.

README.md, after:

# Celerity GitHub Registry

[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=two-hundred_celerity-github-registry)

A [Celerity Registry Protocol](https://www.celerityframework.io/plugin-framework/docs/registry-protocols-formats/registry-protocol) implementation for plugins sourced from private GitHub repositories.

## Usage

The Celerity GitHub Registry is distributed as a Docker image that is published to the GitHub Container Registry.

To run the registry, you can use the following command:

```bash
docker run -d \
  --name celerity-github-registry \
  -p 8085:8085 \
  ghcr.io/two-hundred/celerity-github-registry:latest
```

Docker compose example:

```yaml
services:
    celerity-github-registry:
        image: ghcr.io/two-hundred/celerity-github-registry:latest
        container_name: celerity-github-registry
        ports:
        - "8085:8085"
```

You can deploy the registry to any environment that supports Docker, including Kubernetes, AWS ECS, and Azure Container Instances.

### Releases and Docker tags

The Celerity GitHub Registry is versioned using [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/).
The Docker image is tagged with the version number, and the `latest` tag always points to the latest stable release.
On every push or PR into the `main` branch, a development build is pushed to the `main` docker image tag.

## Configuration

Configuration for the registry is expected to be provided via environment variables.

The following environment variables are supported, where some are required and some are optional:

### Port 

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_PORT`

**_optional_**

The port on which the registry will listen for incoming requests.

**default value:** `8085`

### Auth Token Header

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_AUTH_TOKEN_HEADER`

**_optional_**

The name of the header that will be used to pass the authentication token to the registry.
This will be used to authenticate requests and is where a GitHub fine-grained personal access token should be provided.
You will need to make sure that the fine-grained token is for the resource owner of the plugin repositories (e.g. the GitHub user or organisation that owns the plugin repositories).
The service discovery document for the registry will include this header in the `auth.v1` section as the value of the `apiKeyHeader` field.

**default value:** `celerity-gh-registry-token`

### Registry Base URL 

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_BASE_URL`

**_required_**

The base URL of the registry. This is used to construct the endpoints in the service discovery document
for the registry.
This should be a fully qualified URL, including the scheme (http or https).
When deploying the registry this would be something like `https://registry.example.io`,
or when running locally it could be `http://registry.example.local`.

The fully-qualified domain name in the URL must be the same as the prefix for plugins in the registry.
For example, if the base URL is `https://registry.example.io`, then the plugin prefix must be `registry.example.io` in order for the Celerity CLI to be able to find the correct service discovery document.

_Even when running locally, it is best to use a host name alias instead of localhost with port numbers due to the way the CLI resolves the registry based on the domain prefix in the plugin ID._

**When deploying the registry, it is advised that you set up a TLS certificate for the registry to ensure that the registry is only accessible over HTTPS.**

### Signing Public Keys

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_SIGNING_PUBLIC_KEYS`

**_required_**

A serialised JSON string that contains the gpg public keys that can be used by the Celerity CLI (and other clients) to verify the signatures of the plugins in the registry as per the [Registry Protocol](https://www.celerityframework.io/plugin-framework/docs/registry-protocols-formats/registry-protocol).
The amount of signing keys that can be stored in this environment variable is limited by the maximum length (in bytes) of an environment variable in the operating system running the registry application.
You can find instructions to generate the signing keys environment variable [here](docs/SIGNING_KEYS.md).

The JSON contents should be of the following form:

```json
{
  "keys": [
    {
      "publicKey": "-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----\n...\n-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----"
    }
  ]
}
```

The public key should be in ASCII-armored format, and the file can contain multiple keys.
This JSON contents should be prepared to be passed as an environment variable, with appropriate escaping to ensure it can be parsed as valid JSON by the registry application.

_It should be noted that the signing keys environment variable contents **must** not contain any private keys, these must be kept separately in a secure environment and only used in your plugin release process._

### HTTP Client Timeout

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_HTTP_CLIENT_TIMEOUT`

**_optional_**

The timeout in seconds for HTTP clients that are used to fetch resources from the release artifacts
for a plugin version.

**default value:** `60`

### Logging Level

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_LOGGING_LEVEL`

**_optional_**

The logging level for the registry. This can be set to `debug`, `info`, `warn`, or `error`.
This will control the verbosity of the logs that are generated by the registry.

**default value:** `info`

### Environment

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_ENVIRONMENT`

**_optional_**

The environment in which the registry is running. This can be set to `development` or `production`.
This is primarily used to control the formatting of logs. Logs are structured JSON logs in production and pretty printed in development.

**default value:** `production`

### Access Log File

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_ACCESS_LOG_FILE`

**_optional_**

The file path to which the access log will be written.
If not specified, the access log will be written to `stdout`.

### Application Output Log File

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_OUTPUT_LOG_FILE`

**_optional_**

The file path to which application logs (debug, info) will be written to.
If not specified, the application logs will be written to `stdout`.

### Application Error Log File

`CELERITY_GITHUB_REGISTRY_ERROR_LOG_FILE`

**_optional_**

The file path to which error logs (warn, error) will be written to.
If not specified, the error logs will be written to `stderr`.

## Additional documentation

- [Configuring the Celerity CLI to use the registry](docs/CLI_CONFIGURATION.md)
- [Contributing](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
