docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to the Celerity GitHub Registry

## Setup

Ensure that git uses the custom directory for git hooks

```bash
git config core.hooksPath .githooks
```

### Prerequisites

- Docker >= 20.10.6 (Comes with Docker Desktop)
- [Go](https://golang.org/dl/) >=1.23
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) >= 20.14.0 (For tooling)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install) >= 1.22.19 (For tooling)

### NPM dependencies for tooling

There are npm dependencies that provide tools that are used in git hooks to ensure commits follow the [commit guidelines](./COMMIT_GUIDELINES.md).

Yarn should be used as the package manager for these dependencies.

Install dependencies from the root directory by simply running:
```bash
yarn
```

### Setting hosts for the local registry

To run the registry locally, you need to set up a local DNS entry for the registry.
This can be done by adding the following line to your `/etc/hosts` (or equivalent) file:

```bash
127.0.0.1 gh-registry.celerity.local
```

This will allow you to access the registry at `http://gh-registry.celerity.local`
when you spin up the registry locally using the provided docker compose stack.

**If you are not using the default port (8085), you will need to update `nginx.local.conf` to use your alternate port.**

### Go dependencies

Dependencies are managed with Go modules (go.mod) and will be installed automatically when you first
run tests.

If you want to install dependencies manually you can run:

```bash
go mod download
```

## Running tests

```bash
bash ./scripts/run-tests.sh
```

## Local Development

### Running the service locally

To run the service locally, you can use the following command:

```bash
docker compose up
# Or to run in the background:
docker compose up -d
```

## Releasing

To release a new version of the deploy engine, you need to create a new tag and push it to the repository.
The release workflow will automatically build and publish the new version to the GitHub Container Registry.

The format must be `vX.Y.Z` where `X.Y.Z` is the semantic version number.

See [here](https://go.dev/wiki/Modules#publishing-a-release).

1. add a change log entry to the `CHANGELOG.md` file following the template below:

```markdown
## [0.2.0] - 2024-06-05

### Fixed:

- Corrects bug in extracting assets from plugin repository release.

### Added

- Adds graceful error handling for fetching plugin repository releases.
```

2. Create and push the new tag:

```bash
git tag -a v0.2.0 -m "chore: Release v0.2.0"
git push --tags
```

Be sure to add a release for the tag with notes following this template:

Title: `v0.2.0`

```markdown
## Fixed:

- Corrects bug in extracting assets from plugin repository release.

## Added

- Adds graceful error handling for fetching plugin repository releases.
```

Commit message:

feat: add endpoint to get package info for specified version and platform
Adds endpoint to get package information for the specified
version, os and architecture so that a client such
as the Celerity CLI knows where to download the archive
and signature verification files from along with
the set of public keys that can be used to verify
the signatures.

docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the Celerity GitHub Registry

## Setup

Ensure that git uses the custom directory for git hooks

```bash
git config core.hooksPath .githooks
```

### Prerequisites

- Docker >= 20.10.6 (Comes with Docker Desktop)
- [Go](https://golang.org/dl/) >=1.23
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) >= 20.14.0 (For tooling)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install) >= 1.22.19 (For tooling)

### NPM dependencies for tooling

There are npm dependencies that provide tools that are used in git hooks to ensure commits follow the [commit guidelines](./COMMIT_GUIDELINES.md).

Yarn should be used as the package manager for these dependencies.

Install dependencies from the root directory by simply running:
```bash
yarn
```

### Setting hosts for the local registry

To run the registry locally, you need to set up a local DNS entry for the registry.
This can be done by adding the following line to your `/etc/hosts` (or equivalent) file:

```bash
127.0.0.1 gh-registry.celerity.local
```

This will allow you to access the registry at `http://gh-registry.celerity.local`
when you spin up the registry locally using the provided docker compose stack.

**If you are not using the default port (8085), you will need to update `nginx.local.conf` to use your alternate port.**

### Go dependencies

Dependencies are managed with Go modules (go.mod) and will be installed automatically when you first
run tests.

If you want to install dependencies manually you can run:

```bash
go mod download
```

### Preparing Environment Variables

You will need to prepare environment variables for the local development environment,
both for tests and for running the service locally.

1) Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env`:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

2) Prepare an ASCII-armored public key file (extracted from a GPG key) named `public.key` in the root directory.

3) Run the tool to inject the public key into the signing keys environment variable:

```bash
go run ./tools/signing-keys/main.go -insert=.env public.key
```

4) Repeat steps 1-3 for the `.env.test.example` file to create and populate the `.env.test` file.

## Running tests

```bash
bash ./scripts/run-tests.sh
```

## Local Development

### Running the service locally

To run the service locally, you can use the following command:

```bash
docker compose up
# Or to run in the background:
docker compose up -d
```

## Releasing

To release a new version of the deploy engine, you need to create a new tag and push it to the repository.
The release workflow will automatically build and publish the new version to the GitHub Container Registry.

The format must be `vX.Y.Z` where `X.Y.Z` is the semantic version number.

See [here](https://go.dev/wiki/Modules#publishing-a-release).

1. add a change log entry to the `CHANGELOG.md` file following the template below:

```markdown
## [0.2.0] - 2024-06-05

### Fixed:

- Corrects bug in extracting assets from plugin repository release.

### Added

- Adds graceful error handling for fetching plugin repository releases.
```

2. Create and push the new tag:

```bash
git tag -a v0.2.0 -m "chore: Release v0.2.0"
git push --tags
```

Be sure to add a release for the tag with notes following this template:

Title: `v0.2.0`

```markdown
## Fixed:

- Corrects bug in extracting assets from plugin repository release.

## Added

- Adds graceful error handling for fetching plugin repository releases.
```
